STEM careers range all types of ways, it's very stressful, it's very fun,
it's very communicative, if you want it to be, a just like any job
it depends on the company that you're working for and what what product
they are producing so for instance you can work for a company
that is making games and you're sitting at a table and there could
be five to ten other people at that same table you know there's no walls
you just study with them and talk with them to chat with them and
play video games during during lunch time. There are other companies
where you have your own cubicle and if you don't want to talk to
anyone the whole entire day, eat lunch by yourself, then you're more
than welcome to do that. So it depends on what project you're working
on, whether you're making an aircraft, whether you're making a video
game, whether you're making the newest electronics and the people
that you're working with.